# GitHub as C2

This directory explores how GitHub can be used as a C2. This approach is known as a Out-Of-Band/Overt C2 as it uses already trusted and established platforms to achieve nefarious tasks. The way this will work is 
by writing a Trojan file, when executed on victim, it will visit the C2 repository and read the content of the config folder, it will then execute the modules (Payloads) based on the configuration read. Upon execution, 
the Trojan should write the results in the "data" folder in a file that has timestamp of execution as it's name. To do that, we will have to provide an Access Token to the Trojan.<br>
<br>
<b>Note:</b> Having Access Token available for the Trojan to use means most likely that anyone can use it the same way, make sure to limit the access as much as possible so that in case of leak, we already got what we 
want.
<br>
<br>

## The "config" Folder
This folder will contain configuration files in the form of JSON. each JSON file will declare modules (Payloads) that the Trojab will execute. The execution of course relies heavily on what JSON file was the 
Trojan instructed to read. We may have different Trojans with each reading it's own JSON.
<br>
<br>

## The "data" Folder
In here,the trojan will be reporting it's collected information. Each trojan will be providing it's results in it's approprate directory.
<br>
<br>

## The "modules" folder
This folder holds the code to be executed in seperate files called "module". These modules will be executed based on whether or not they have been declared in the config. As mentioned earlier, each trojan may look into it's own config file. This can help seperate trojan purposes, or mix modules across trojans, everything is possible.
<br>
<br>

## The Trojan
Now, the last piece of this framework would be the Trojan. A python script that will interact with github based on hard coded information to read the <b>configuration</b> folder (also hard coded), execute approprate <b>modules</b>, and write results in the <b>data</b> folder. Due to the way it is created, the Trojan will require an Access Key generated by the GitHub account owner with tailored permission access. Furthermore, the path to the access key is also hard coded in the script.<br>
-This is a demonstration Trojan and not an actual malware to use in live Penetration Testings.
